add note + fixes (#14520)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/cloud-native/application-resiliency-patterns.md

![Polly framework](./media/polly-resiliency-framework.png)

**Figure 6-2**. Polly resiliency framework features

Note how in the previous figure the resiliency policies apply to request messages, whether coming from an external client or another back-end service. The goal is to compensate the request for a service that might be momentarily unavailable. These short interruptions typically manifest themselves with the HTTP status codes shown in Figure 6-3.

![HTTP status codes to retry](./media/http-status-codes.png)

**Figure 6-3**. HTTP status codes to retry

Question: Would you retry an HTTP Status Code of 403 - Forbidden? No. Here, the system is functioning properly, but informing the caller that they aren't authorized to perform the requested operation. Care must be taken to retry only those operations caused by failures.

> As recommended in Chapter 1, Microsoft developers constructing cloud-native applications should be targeting .NET Core. Version 2.1 introduced the [HTTPClientFactory](https://www.stevejgordon.co.uk/introduction-to-httpclientfactory-aspnetcore) library for creating HTTP Client instances for interacting with URL-based resources. Superseding the original HTTPClient class, the factory class supports many enhanced features, one of which is [tight integration](../microservices/implement-resilient-applications/implement-http-call-retries-exponential-backoff-polly.md) with the Polly resiliency library. With it, you can easily define resiliency policies in the application Startup class to handle partial failures and connectivity issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As recommended in Chapter 1, Microsoft developers constructing cloud-native applications should target .NET Core. Version 2.1 introduced the [HTTPClientFactory](https://www.stevejgordon.co.uk/introduction-to-httpclientfactory-aspnetcore) library for creating HTTP Client instances for interacting with URL-based resources. Superseding the original HTTPClient class, the factory class supports many enhanced features, one of which is [tight integration](../microservices/implement-resilient-applications/implement-http-call-retries-exponential-backoff-polly.md) with the Polly resiliency library. With it, you can easily define resiliency policies in the application Startup class to handle partial failures and connectivity issues.
```
